the annual Hong Kong exhibition tennis
tournament has a reputation for
attracting the brightest stars of the
women's game current wimbledon champion
venus williams and 2004 champion Maria
Sharapova make their hip appearances at
a tournament making their first
appearances in Hong Kong are another
three of the world's top 10 ana ivanovic
daniela hantuchová and anna chakvetadze
this year's tournament also welcomes a
new title sponsor the jb group JV group
was looking for a world-class platform
to get involved in the tournament and
what better than the hong kong's
premiere of tennis tournament just a lot
of glamour involved in the JV salad off
by selling diamonds diamonds best friend
popular dane caroline wozniacki returns
for her second appearance in hong kong
she's joined by chinese number to Peng
Shuang and 14 year-old michelle larcher
de brito making an amazing eighth
appearance of the tournament is world
number 11 and crowd favorite elena
dementieva well I think the atmosphere
and you know the competition and this is
the best you can get you know the the
best eight players in the world you know
we're going to compete for the title and
that and this is the best you know
preparation for this really open and for
the rest of the season and I hope
well I'm just thinking about changing my
citizenship because I've been here so
many times seven times in the road and
that I still enjoying you know I just
love this place I love the people here
and I feel every time that you were
welcomed so it keeps me coming every
time and I'm really enjoying and so
happy to be back well it's very hard to
find something in Hong Kong because of
the size i love the shopping here i
think there are so many nice things that
you can buy in the special thing in the
center of the city you know it's a you
just can't stop from shopping